Add solution to local build errors on M1 machines (#1327)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-docs: content/md/en/docs/main-docs/install/troubleshooting.md

rustup install nightly-<yyyy-MM-dd>
rustup target add wasm32-unknown-unknown --toolchain nightly-<yyyy-MM-dd>
```

## Installing `cmake` or `protobuf`

> Currently, there are issues with the pre-compiled binary for the M1 macs. This will result in the following error:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, there are issues compiling the Substrate node when using the packages that are pre-installed on macOS computers with the M1 chip. 
If you attempt to compile with the pre-installed packages, you'll see the following error:

```

```
error: failed to run custom build command for prost-build v0.10.4
```

> If you see this error, there are 2 solutions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you see this error, there are two solutions.
```

> 1. (Simplest) Just install `cmake` by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install `cmake` manually by running the following command:
```

Reviewer 2: Including this too:)

```
brew install cmake
```

> 2. Alternatively, install the correct pre-compiled `protoc` by running the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install the correct pre-compiled `protoc` by running the following set of commands:
```

Reviewer 2: Including this.
